Our app-driven, ultra-clean wood stove is MIT-award winning technology innovating and changing a $6B market.

2014 MIT Clean Energy Prize, Grand Prize at the 2014 Wood Stove Design Challenge, Low Emissions Prize at the 2013 Wood Stove Design Challenge.

Featured in Smithsonian, National Geographic, Popular Mechanics, Fast Company, Wall Street Journal and the New York Times, among others.

The founders recruited a CEO with 28 years of entrepreneurial and executive experience in bringing new technology solutions to market, culminating in several IPO and M&A events.

MF Fire has reached its current state of maturity with the assistance of three (3) non-dilutive funding events totaling $300,000 and one (1) non-dilutive investment of in kind services provided by the University of Maryland estimated at $100,000.

We built the Catalyst around state-of-the-art combustion techniques and using a revolutionary smart controller that lets you control the burn from your smartphone.

These emissions were enough to win the Catalyst the Low Emissions Prize at the 2013 Wood Stove Design Challenge and the 2014 Grand Prize, besting its prior performance.

The full fire bay window allows you to see the entire flame with a 180 degree viewing angle while air-shield airflow minimizes soot accumulation on the window, so your view stays clean and crisp for as long as possible.

Media Mentions             Team Story Fire has been the catalyst of human progress since Prometheus stole it from the gods.

When they were approached by a professor working with the wood energy industry to develop a clean, efficient “next generation wood stove” that maximized the benefits of a roaring fire while minimizing the costs, they accepted the challenge.

The Catalyst stove not only solves the environmental problems of heating with wood, but also uses smart control technology to bring wood energy bursting into the 21st century.

They teamed up with 28-year business veteran Paul LaPorte to develop a commercial model of the stove and are taking pre-orders for the first run of units coming this summer.

It provides all the benefits of a roaring fire, without any of the environmental cost.

Founders  Taylor Myers CTO, CO-FOUNDER Taylor Myers is Chief Technical Officer and brings exceptional combustion expertise to MF Fire.

candidate in Mechanical Engineering, Taylor has a Bachelors and Masters of Science in Fire Protection Engineering from the University of Maryland.

Ryan Fisher COO, CO-FOUNDER Ryan Fisher is Chief Operating Officer and brings real-world experience to the team as a risk-assessment fire protection engineer.

Ryan has a Bachelors and Masters of Science in Fire Protection Engineering from the University of Maryland.

Paul Laporte CEO Paul LaPorte is Chief Executive Officer and brings 28 years of high growth technology leadership to MF Fire.

Notable Advisors & Investors  TEDCO Investor, Maryland’s lead source for entrepreneurial business assistance and seed funding  Maryland Innovation Initiative Investor, Foster the transition of promising university technologies to commercial market  Technology Commercialization Fund Investor, Provides funds for critical product development to reach the commercial market JL Jeffrey Lehrer Advisor, DLA Piper managing partner and Co-Chair, Emerging Growth and Venture Capital  Satish Tamboli Advisor, Venture Advisor at Mtech Ventures and the Technology Advancement Program.

CD Craig Dye Advisor, Accomplished entrepreneur, executive, investor, and current director of MTECH  Casey Willson Advisor, Experienced entrepreneur and retired Sustainability Program Manager with MDSBDC Q&A with the Founder Who are your customers (demographics, geography, etc.

We have had inquiries from every continent except Antarctica (though they might benefit from a Catalyst).

Unit economics for an early stage company are constantly changing, and tend to improve over time as economies of scale are achieved and product designs are refined.

We have seen a 33% reduction in manufacturing cost in the last 6 months with design improvements as well as better contracts and sourcing.

From this we have crafted a marketing plan that focuses on SEO (Search Engine Optimization) and SEM (Search Engine Marketing).

An analysis of ad pricing shows we can do sufficient ad placement related to targeted web searches at a reasonable cost point due to weak demand for these search related ads within this market.

In addition to web sales, we are looking at traditional 2-tier distribution through retail stores to extend our reach to additional customers who have different buying behavior.

Read more answers from the founder   Term Sheet Fundraising Description Round description Seed Round size US $1,000,000 Raised to date US $43,400 Minimum investment US $500 Target Minimum Raise Amount US $250,000 Maximum Raise Amount US $1,000,000 Key Terms Security Type Convertible Note Conversion discount 15% Valuation Cap US $7,000,000 Interest rate 6% Note term 12 months Use of Proceeds If Minimum Amount Is Raised Product Developme… Sales & Marketing G&A Expenses Partial Salaries If Maximum Amount Is Raised Salaries for Current … Product Developme… Sales & Marketing G&A Expenses Prior Rounds  Pre-Seed(Convertible) Current Seed(Convertible) $7,000,000 Pre-Seed Round size US $100,000 Close date Jan 17, 2016 Security Type Convertible Note Financial Discussion Our financial statements cover the year ending December 31, 2015 and the period from April 23, 2014, the inception of the company, to December 31, 2014.

MF Fire, Benefit LLC has been in operations as a company starting on April 23, 2014.

As such, we are still a development stage company and are dependent on additional financing, including this Offering, to have the funds necessary fulfill reservations and accelerate sales and marketing.

Since inception of the company, our expenses are the result of formation of the company, development of agreements with technology and materials suppliers, and development of our core product, the Catalyst.

Our net loss for the year ending December 31, 2015 was $36,772.

We had a net gain for the period ending December 31, 2014 of $2,250.

This gain was due to the fact that research and development expensed in 2014 were borne by the University of Maryland and we received revenue from competition wins.

In 2015, we spent $108,588 on research and development of the Catalyst.

As of December 31, 2015, we had incurred a balance of $24,782 for current accounts payable.

As of December 31, 2015 our cash on hand was $10,170.

Our initial financing has come in the form of grant awards from the Maryland Innovation Initiative Program (“MIIP”) and a convertible note from the Maryland Technology Development Corporation (“TEDCO”).

That $100,000 grant from MIIP was provided directly to the University of Maryland to support the work of Taylor Myers and Ryan Fisher, our two co-founders, while at the University of Maryland under the supervision of Dr.

A second $100,000 grant from MIIP was issued directly to the company in June 2016.

This grant is structured as a reimbursable grant and obligates the company to repay MIIP at a rate of 3% of its quarterly revenues from the sale of the Catalyst for a period of 10 years, or up to total payments of $200,000.

In January 2016, the company accepted an investment of $100,000 from the TEDCO in exchange for a convertible note bearing an investment rate of 8 percent with a 5 year term.

The terms of the note agreement allow us to apply for a follow-on investment of $125,000 from TEDCO.

Under the terms of our technology license agreement with the University of Maryland, we owe an annual license fee that it’s the greater of $2,000 or 4% of the net sales of the company.

5% profit interest vests on June 11, 2016; c) 7.

5% profit interest vests ratably over 36 months commencing July 11, 2016 and ending June 11, 2019; and d) 4.

5% profit interest vests as a rate of 1/900,000 for each $1.

00 of capital raised through equity or debt financing transactions excluding the TEDCO funding.

With the proceeds from this Offering, and a concurrent offering to accredited investors under Rule 506(c), we will receive sufficient capital to complete the certification process with the EPA and begin manufacturing and delivery of product.

We anticipate that our operating expenses will increase following this Offering as we intend to begin compensating the executive officers of the company and hiring addition staff to meet the anticipated demand for the Catalyst and provide support for those customers.

The company does have obligations with respect to the $100,000 reimbursable grant from MIIP.

Since we began measuring the cost to produce the Catalyst in November 2015, the anticipated cost of a final product has declined by 33%.

Our current pipeline of reservations is $1,266,000.

This reflects the dollar amount of interest expressed by potential customers who asked to be on a reservation wait list and does not constitute a binding commitment on the part of the potential customers.

Each media story for the company averages about 64 reservations, or the potential for approximately $384,000 in sales.

We have made the following issuances of securities within the last three years:   In January 2016, we accepted an investment of $100,000 in exchange for a convertible note with a maturity date 5 years after its issuance.

The note was sold in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act.

The proceeds of the have been put towards the operating expenses of the company, included research and development, marketing, and legal costs of this Offering.

Concurrently with this Offering, we will be issuing convertible notes at substantially the same terms as the notes in this Offering to accredited investors under Rule 506(c) under the Securities Act.

Key differences is that major investors, those investors that invest $50,000 or more, will be given certain information rights and will have a participation right in future offerings of convertible notes prior to conversion of the notes into stock of the Company.

The interest rate on the convertible note, as well as the valuation cap in the note, merely reflect the opinion of the Voting Members of MF Fire as to what a fair value would be.

We are seeking to raise $1,000,000 in this offering through Regulation Crowdfunding with a target raise of $250,000.

The proceeds of this offering, along with the proceeds raised from accredited investors in a concurrent offering under Rule 506(c), will be used to cover the operating expenses of MF Fire.

The identified uses of proceeds are subject to change at the sole discretion of the executive officers and Voting Members based on the business needs of the company.

The following uses of proceeds are based on the company’s current spending forecast and include:  Target raise of $250,000:  50% to CTO partial salary; 25% for product development and EPA testing; 15% for marketing and sales; 10% for general and administrative expenses.

Raise of $1,000,000:  31% to compensation for our CEO, CTO, and COO at a base annual salary of $150,000 starting in August, 2016 along with hiring of additional engineering personnel starting in October 2016, additional marketing personnel in November 2016, and hiring of a lead customer service representative in January 2017; 20% for product development, including additional models, and EPA testing; 29% for marketing and sales; 20% for general and administrative expenses.

Market Landscape The current total addressable market is $6B/year for wood stoves and fireplace inserts, concentrated in the U.

We are initially targeting the North American premium stove segment, where we expect a dominant market share within 4 years.

We currently have a backlog of purchase requests totaling $1.

1M and a pipeline of $3M.

Interest is growing 53% month over month for the past 6 months.

Other key competitors include Travis Industries and Jotul, the leading brand from Norway.

The remaining 42% of the market is fragmented, with no other brand with significant market share.

If you are investing in this company, it’s because you think this is a good idea, that we can deliver on the technology that goes into the Catalyst, that we can price it right and sell it to enough people that the company will succeed.

Even if we raise everything we are looking for, we will probably need to raise more funds in the future, and if we can’t get them, we will fail.

In order to sell the Catalyst, we are required to obtain certification from the Environmental Protection Agency and safety certification from Underwriters Laboratories.

We have begun the process to obtain those certificates but have not yet received them and do not expect to receive them until June 2016 at the earliest.

The technology for the Catalyst was developed by our founders at the University of Maryland, and as such, the intellectual property rights to the patent are with the University of Maryland.

However, the convertible notes in this Offering work best for Delaware corporations, and we will reorganize as a Delaware corporation prior to the conversion of the notes, whether it is due to a subsequent equity financing, acquisition or the company, or maturity of the notes.

The KISS notes will convert into equity securities in the event the company: 1) sells Preferred Stock to outside investors where we raise at least $1,000,000; 2) we sell all the company’s assets, merge with another company, or are taken over by another company; or 3) upon the maturity of the notes.

This means that investors will have to wait until a conversion event occurs to know what size stake they have in the company, or what its value might be as assessed by outside investors.

Any outside investors might value the company at an amount well below the $7 million valuation cap in the KISS note, so you should not view the valuation cap as being an indication of the company’s value.

Currently there is no market or liquidity for these shares and the company does not have any plans to list these shares on an exchange or other secondary market.

These investors often negotiate for seats on the company’s board of directors and play an important role through their resources, contacts and experience in assisting early-stage companies in executing on their business plans.

MF Fire's MF Fire Form C The Form C is a document the company must file with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") which includes basic information about the company and its offering and is a condition to making a Reg CF offering available to investors.

It is important to note that the SEC does not review the Form C, and therefore is not recommending and/or approving any of the securities being offered.