Overview MF Fire is a technology company built by fire scientists engineering the perfect burn.

Traditional wood stoves are dirty and inefficient.

We re-imagined the wood stove as a clean energy source and created a smart stove that delivers the cleanest burn ever achieved: 20x cleaner than the new EPA regulations, 60x cleaner than the average stove, and producing less smoke than a single cigarette.

Our smart stove technology delivers a perfect burn every time.

Users get ‘push-button’ simple, automated control via a Nest-like experience and smart app.

Imagine remotely starting your fire on your last ski run, extending the burn time during a party or increasing the heat output to quickly break the chill.

To complete the user experience, we add a 180° full fire viewing experience.

You can control the burn at the touch of a button.

Just set your room temperature and let the smart controller take over.

Recently announced as the 2016 ICE Award recipient for Innovation.

Founded by two fire scientists with the strong combustion and engineering background necessary to maintain a technological advantage in this field.

The in kind services provided lab space and resources helpful in the commercialization of MF Fire technology.

The total non-dilutive investments have allowed the company to advance past initial research and development, through in home beta tests and prepare for a commercial market launch.

Clean Energy Hyattsville Website: http://mffire.

com  DOWNLOAD Product & Service The award-winning Catalyst™ is the world’s first smart, ultra-clean wood stove.

Catalyst uses standard cord wood to inexpensively heat a space of more than 2,000 sq.

ft.

With a durable steel construction, a convenient ash pan, and a classic soapstone top, Catalyst easily replaces any existing free standing stove and many fireplace inserts.

Traditional wood stoves are dirty, inefficient, and can be difficult to operate.

Other home heating systems, like fuel oil, propane or natural gas, are expensive, non-renewable, or both.

Catalyst was designed by fire scientists to outperform all of these: providing the natural heat of inexpensive and renewable wood without emitting health-harming emissions.

Best of all – the Catalyst is made and assembled in the U.

S.

A.

During third-party laboratory testing, the Catalyst achieved 0.

2 grams per hour of particulate emissions.

This is more than 20 times lower than new, more stringent, EPA emissions regulations and less than half the smoke produced by a single cigarette.

Efficiency is important.

That is why we designed the Catalyst to take full advantage of all the energy wood fuel has to offer.

The Catalyst uses intelligent controls and advanced heat recovery systems to efficiently burn all of the wood, thus creating an ultra-clean burn.

The Catalyst’s efficient combustion process releases 30% less CO2 than a traditional wood stove.

The Catalyst makes use of a revolutionary intelligent control system to optimize combustion and improve user experience all controlled from your smart phone (or a provided remote controller).

As a result, the Catalyst is easy to start, easy to maintain, and burns clean without user intervention.

Most importantly, the same control system that helps you talk to your Catalyst, helps your Catalyst talk to you: providing real-time insight into your burn to help you live a sustainable and natural lifestyle.

Imagine remotely starting your fire on your last ski run, extending the burn time during a party or increasing the heat output to quickly break the chill.

You can control the burn at the touch of a button.

Just set your room temperature and let the smart controller take over.

The fireplace isn’t about the fireplace, it’s about the fire.

The Catalyst was designed with this in mind.

Gallery                                 Catalyst and Controller.

Catalyst can be controlled entirely from your smart phone.

Just set the room temperature, and let the smart controller do the rest.

In 2012, the wood energy industry had a problem with fire.

The EPA had developed a new series of emission regulations that threatened to eliminate all but six wood stoves from the market.

Yet, environmentalists in the industry knew that wood heat was something worth saving.

It’s renewable, it’s local, and it harnesses an element at the center of the human story--fire.

Enter Taylor Myers and Ryan Fisher, Graduate student fire protection engineers.

Taylor and Ryan were used to solving problems with fire.

At the 2013 Wood Stove Decathlon, Taylor and Ryan discovered that not only had they developed a clean and efficient wood stove, but they had developed the cleanest and most efficient wood stove ever tested.

These student engineers used their ingenuity and love for problem solving to surpass every major manufacturer in the industry.

Encouraged by the joint enthusiasm of environmentalists and techies alike, Taylor and Ryan knew they had to bring the Catalyst to market.

The Catalyst is truly the beginning of a new era of wood energy.

It’s renewable, it’s clean, and it’s beautiful.

Thanks to a little creative thinking, Taylor, Ryan, and Paul engineered a way to keep the wood energy industry alive--they engineered the perfect burn.

The technological wonk of the team, Taylor co-led the development of the Catalyst, using his combustion expertise to maximize efficiency and minimize emissions.

A Ph.

D.

Taylor was named a 2014 Maryland Innovator of the Year.

Ryan used his engineering expertise to perfect the design of the Catalyst and ensure its market viability.

He is excited to combine his passion for environmental technology with his entrepreneurial experience.

Paul excels at establishing new firms as thought and market leaders.

Paul founded and led several venture and angel backed startups, including Fusion Smartband, LoyaltyWorks, and RegistrationSite.

Previously, he was COO at ClearPath Immigration, VP of Marketing at Evergreen Assurance and Global Manager for SaaS Solutions at Proofpoint.

Paul received a B.

S.

in Engineering from MIT and a MBA from Georgetown.

)?

Our customers come from all over the world, but we are focused on North America and Europe.

Our customers fit into a few different segments: current or previous wood stove owners; people interested in a connected home, where appliances and devices communicate with owners and can be remotely controlled; and people trying to live a lifestyle based on health and sustainability – sourcing locally, consuming in a sustainable fashion, and doing things that are good for them, their communities and families, and the environment.

How did you project a $6B target market?

What is the source of your data?

There are many ways to size a market.

We performed a few different analysis and used data from US and European censuses, EPA surveys and reports, home and hearth industry reports and interviews with experts from industry with firsthand knowledge (home and health retailers, distributors, licensing experts, and competitors).

From this we were able to determine the approximate size of the market as it exists today.

What are your unit economics?

Looking forward, we will continue to work with key manufacturing partners to identify ways to further reduce costs, driving down costs and increasing revenue.

How will you pursue “aggressive marketing”?

Our primary sales and marketing model is based around the internet, a sales and marketing channel not strongly utilized by existing competitors.

We analyzed search traffic related to wood stoves worldwide and within specific regions.

SEO efforts will help our website be found near the top of search results for the most important searches related to our target markets.

SEM uses digital advertising to further ensure people will see us on early search results.

As a web centric business model, most of our marketing budget will be allocated for executing SEO and SEM functions.

What are anticipated additional products and channels?

We anticipate delivering multiple versions of our core product, all based on the same underlying technology, to satisfy individual customer needs for capacity and aesthetics.

We also plan to deliver products in an adjacent space, fireplace inserts, with a similar range of product models.

These statements have been reviewed by Craig Denlinger, CPA with Artesian CPA, LLC.

These financial statements are available in the data room.

Our financial condition.

Since inception, we have not generated revenue from the sales of our core product, the Catalyst.

We believe we currently have sufficient funds to complete certification with the EPA.

Following certification, we believe that we will be able to begin sales of our product.

Our results of operations.

We have not yet recognized revenues.

During this time, we forwent salaries and attempted to keep general and administrative expenses as low as possible to ensure the majority of our resources went into development of the Catalyst.

These accounts were paid off in full within two months of the year end.

Our liquidity and capital resources.

The initial grant used towards the research and development of the Catalyst is not reflected in the financial statements of the company.

Stanislav Stoliarov.

All of the funds received from the two MIIP grants were used towards development of the Catalyst stove.

The first payment under this agreement will be due on February 1, 2017.

We have also granted a profit interest to our newly hired CEO, Paul LaPorte.

The profit interest provides Mr.

LaPorte with a 15% profit interest in the Company for services performed.

This interest vests according to the following terms: a) 0.

5% profits interest vested immediately; b) 2.

Our indebtedness.

We have not incurred any indebtedness.

Our recent trends.

This is due to continuous design refinement with the help of our manufacturing partners and materials sourcing.

This figure has grown by 972% over the past six months.

We continue to receive favorable media attention that has resulted in increased reservations.

Our recent offerings of securities.

Our valuation.

We have not undertaken any efforts to produce a valuation of the company.

Our use of proceeds.

S.

, Canada, and Europe.

We will aggressively grow in Europe, move into the mid-market, and extend the product line to fireplace inserts and other combustion products.

We can begin selling product once EPA certification is complete, anticipated in the summer of 2016.

We use a web-based marketing and sales model, with digital and content marketing aligned to the premium buyer.

We partner with influencers including designers, architects and celebrities.

We ship direct to the buyer, with last mile delivery and installation done by chimney sweeps.

We also expect to enter traditional retail distribution to better reach all buyers.

We will leverage home and hearth distributors to establish a retail presence and to assist with channel management and logistics.

The wood stove and fireplace market is large, growing and highly fragmented.

In the U.

S.

, the largest competitor is Hearth and Home Industries with half market share.

It reached a leadership position through an aggressive acquisition strategy of multiple smaller brands.

The same large competitors also have strong presence in Canada and Europe, our other target markets.

Our market opportunity arises from our ability to deliver uniquely low emissions.

Our combination of applied combustion science and computer controlled burning algorithms delivers a clean, highly efficient burn which we believe will be attractive to customers.

Our solution approach enables many other features and capabilities that would be difficult to replicate with traditional designs.

We price our products to align with existing buyer expectations within our initial market - premium wood stoves.

The allows us to sell to interested buyers without changing buyer behavior, but leverage unique performance and user experience differentiators.

Risks and Disclosures This is a brand-new company.

While we formed in 2014, we have not yet delivered our product to market or been able to recognize revenues.

You are taking all these things on faith, because it’s impossible to know what will happen.

We have a small management team.

Right now, the success of the company depends on the efforts of Paul LaPorte, Taylor Myers, and Ryan Fisher.

If one of us were to leave the company, for any reason, that will negatively impact our ability to continue as a company.

Until we achieve a sustainable financial position, we will not be able to hire additional employees that will allow the company to continue if one of us leaves.

We will need more people to join our company.

We will need additional engineers, and people with the skills necessary to ensure we create and sell a premium product.

The people we bring on should come with specialized skills that will bring value to the company.

There are no guarantees that we will be able to find the right people for the job.

The company is going to need more money.

We might not sell enough securities in this offering to meet our operating needs and fulfill our plans, in which case we will cease operating and you will get nothing.

Even if we do make a successful offering in the future, the terms of that offering might result in your investment in the company being worth less, because later investors might get better terms.

Does anyone want our product and will they pay enough for it?

We will only succeed (and you will only make money) if there is sufficient demand for the Catalyst.

Consumers must think it is a better option than competitor products and priced at a level that allows the company to make a profit and still attract business.

We have not yet received EPA certification and Underwriters Laboratories certification.

We rely on third parties for the input materials to create our stoves.

We contract with third-parties to receive our input materials, like steel, soapstone, and fans.

If these third-parties face manufacturing constraints, that could impact our ability to make and deliver our stoves.

There are multiple sources for all these major raw materials, and we could change suppliers, but doing so may negatively impact our financial results.

We may face unexpected complications with this technology.

The Catalyst is based on brand new technology developed by our founders at the University of Maryland.

As with any brand new technology, it is possible that we will encounter issues that we did not expect and did not plan for.

These issues may require us to redesign features of the stove or the entire product and may jeopardize our ability to make a profit.

Competitors may enter the market with similar products.

There are already companies actively selling wood stoves to consumers in our target markets.

While these competitors will not be able to sell products that feature our technology, they may be able to sell products that achieve similar benefits to consumers at a lower price.

The University of Maryland owns the intellectual property for our product.

We currently have an exclusive license agreement with the University of Maryland, but rely on the continued effectiveness of this agreement to create our product.

Previous investors have greater rights than are being offered here.

As part of the license agreement with the University of Maryland, the University was provided with preferential treatment.

That treatment includes a veto on any amendment to the company’s constitutional documents that could be deemed to adversely alter or change the University’s rights.

Any valuation at this stage is pure speculation.

We are not saying the company is worth a specific amount.

We can’t.

It’s a question of whether you, the investor, want to pay this price for this security.

Don’t think you can make that call?

Then don’t invest.

You can’t easily resell the securities.

There are restrictions on how you can resell your securities for the next year.

More importantly, there is no market for these securities, and there might never be one.

It’s unlikely that the company will ever go public or get acquired by a bigger company.

That means the money you paid for these securities could be tied up for a long time.

We will be required to reorganize the company as a Delaware corporation to convert the notes in this Offering.

We are currently organized as a Benefit LLC in Maryland.

Maryland is our home jurisdiction and the Benefit LLC gives us flexibility to serve environmental motives as well as profit motives.

We are selling convertible notes.

General Risks and Disclosures Start-up investing is risky.

Investing in startups is very risky, highly speculative, and should not be made by anyone who cannot afford to lose their entire investment.

Unlike an investment in a mature business where there is a track record of revenue and income, the success of a startup or early-stage venture often relies on the development of a new product or service that may or may not find a market.

Before investing, you should carefully consider the specific risks and disclosures related to both this offering type and the company which can be found in this company profile and the documents in the data room below.

Your shares are not easily transferable.

You should not plan on being able to readily transfer and/or resell your security.

At some point the company may choose to do so, but until then you should plan to hold your investment for a significant period of time before a “liquidation event” occurs.

A “liquidation event” is when the company either lists their shares on an exchange, is acquired, or goes bankrupt.

The Company may not pay dividends for the foreseeable future.

Unless otherwise specified in the offering documents and subject to state law, you are not entitled to receive any dividends on your interest in the Company.

Accordingly, any potential investor who anticipates the need for current dividends or income from an investment should not purchase any of the securities offered on the Site.

Valuation and capitalization.

Unlike listed companies that are valued publicly through market-driven stock prices, the valuation of private companies, especially startups, is difficult to assess and you may risk overpaying for your investment.

In addition, there may be additional classes of equity with rights that are superior to the class of equity being sold.

You may only receive limited disclosure.

While the company must disclose certain information, since the company is at an early-stage they may only be able to provide limited information about its business plan and operations because it does not have fully developed operations or a long history.

The company may also only obligated to file information periodically regarding its business, including financial statements.

A publicly listed company, in contrast, is required to file annual and quarterly reports and promptly disclose certain events — through continuing disclosure that you can use to evaluate the status of your investment.

Investment in personnel.

An early-stage investment is also an investment in the entrepreneur or management of the company.

Being able to execute on the business plan is often an important factor in whether the business is viable and successful.

You should be aware that a portion of your investment may fund the compensation of the company’s employees, including its management.

You should carefully review any disclosure regarding the company’s use of proceeds.

Possibility of fraud.

In light of the relative ease with which early-stage companies can raise funds, it may be the case that certain opportunities turn out to be money-losing fraudulent schemes.

As with other investments, there is no guarantee that investments will be immune from fraud.

Lack of professional guidance.

Many successful companies partially attribute their early success to the guidance of professional early-stage investors (e.

g.

, angel investors and venture capital firms).

An early-stage company may not have the benefit of such professional investors.